Alpha Centauri sort of a funny name
don't you think
I mean haha funny but just sort of odd
of course alpha is the first letter of
the Greek alphabet and Omega is the last
letter giving rise to the phrase from
the Alpha the Omega I'm tired of your
stuff maybe this will persuade you to
talk where I'll put the mega star to its
first you're going to destroy my planet
wiping out millions of people no I'm
going to screw up their TV reception
won't begin TV destruction
what's the deal with blown up is it a
dog or is it a planet I gotta know we
interrupt space fell to present Ken
Burns history of paddleball in 127 parts
dear Abner yo a new game of paddle to
fall is all the rage I think it may even
replace the minuet it's on every channel
hey what's going on an awful example I
know a million voices cried out in pain
worse
scooby-doo's been preempted by a
documentary on paddle ball it's the
megastar yes it's transmitted and
nothing but dead we don't program any
clots is b---minus garbage everywhere
and a second a human right out of the
universe that most I'm going to stop him
whoa kiddo there's only one way to
overcome your plots problem how with
comedy
what do you mean if you're gonna save
this galaxy you'll need to study the
stick with the ancient Guru of gags
skip-bo de drama artists comedy yes yeah
let's skip over what is comedy oh it's
funny around the city a better place
that makes the universe yeah hurry it up
will you Skippy we ain't got all day
here cranky she is my aunt slappy is
skip over I want to save my sister in
defeat death cults do not just
concentrate and plots you need to work
on the jokes what's this big comedy
we are too much you get too big now try
now that's comedy
yes
be creative
the faith is strong in this one your
step cookie if you're tense situations
with humor
it works many times control the funny
thing and you can save the galaxy
make the face be rich